Topic for Harness UI (#701)
harness/developer-hub: docs/getting-started/harness-ui-overview.md

---
title: Harness UI Overview

> description: Exploare the Harness UI and navigate to the desired modules.

Reviewer: spelling of `Explore` is wrong

---
title: Harness UI Overview
description: Explore the Harness UI and navigate to the desired modules.
sidebar_position: 3

---

Harness is a comprehensive CI/CD platform that streamlines software delivery for modern enterprises. It provides a powerful and user-friendly interface for managing software releases, deployments, and rollbacks.

You can interact with the Harness platform through the Harness UI. It is designed to be intuitive and easy to use, while also providing robust features and capabilities for managing software releases.

The Harness UI is organized into several key areas. This topic explains how you can: 
- View your account and profile information.
- View subscription details.
- Navigate and select modules.

> ![](./static/new-nav-left.png)

Author: Done.

> ## Projects

Reviewer 2: Just referring to the four modules described here (considering Projects to be a module for the purposes of this discussion): are we describing these modules because they are shown in the module selector by default (until the user chooses to change the order or selection)? I think it should be enough to just say that the module selector shows a certain number of modules by default and that the user can change the order and hide modules that they do not use. We should not have to name and describe the modules here. This topic is only about how the UI might behave in specific situations (first login, for example) and how the users can customize the UI.

Author: I agree with you. However, I tried to keep the descriptions very short. The point is to give the user an idea so they don't have to go back and forth on multiple topics. It would be their choice to then follow the cross-referenced topics only if they wish to dig deeper.

Author: Ok

For more information, see [Continuous Delivery & GitOps](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery).

## Builds

The **Builds** module in Harness is a component of the platform that provides a centralized view of all the builds that have been executed or are currently in progress. It allows you to manage and monitor your build activity across all your projects and environments.

For more information, see [Continuous Integration](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration).

## Feature Flags

Feature flags are a key component of Harness that allows you to control the availability and behavior of specific features in your application. With feature flags, you can release new features to specific groups of users, test features before making them available to all users, and gradually roll out features to ensure a smooth transition.

For more information, see [Feature Flags](https://developer.harness.io/docs/feature-flags)

> ## Module selection

Author: The customers would select modules, reorder them and ultimately customize the left navigation.

Harness also has the following modules: 

- Chaos Engineering
- Security Tests
- Cloud Cost Management
- Service Reliability Management

To navigate to your desired module, perform the following steps: 

> 1. Click **Select Modules** in your Harness account, in the left navigation.

Reviewer 2: Good idea to begin with the location the user should look at first. For example:
```suggestion
1. In the left navigation, click **Select Modules**.
```
(Can skip "in your Harness account", given that that is implicit.)

   
   ![](./static/select-modules-leftnav.png)

>    The modules appear in the following categories: 

Reviewer 2: Good that you listed all the categories and modules verbatim, but just dropping a note that you could simply say "the modules are listed in various functional categories." The UI will corroborate that every time and you won't have to make changes (or have to be informed to make changes) if the categories are renamed or changed in any way. Just a trick that you can ignore for now.

Author: Done

   - Build & Test
     - Continuous Integration
     - Chaos Engineering
     - Security Tests
     - Infra as Code Management
   - Deploy Changes
     - Continuous Delivery & GitOps
     - Feature Flags
   - Manage Impact
     - Cloud Cost Management
     - Service Reliability Management
  
    You can find more information about each module by selecting the info icon beside it.
    
    ![](./static/module-info.png)

> 2. Select **Customize your navigation** to configure your left navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. To configure your left navigation, select **Customize your navigation**.
```
(global: good to begin with the objective of the step.)

   ![](./static/configure-leftnav.png)

> 3. To re-order the modules and set the priority, drag and drop the modules. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To reorder the modules, drag each module to its desired position. 
```
(by priority, do you mean the order in the list? If yes, then we've already written "reorder". Also, https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/d/drag-and-drop recommends using move or drag. I rewrote to suggest a change.)

   
   ![](./static/drag-drop-modules.png)

> 4. Click the modules you want to see in the left navigation. Harness automatically saves your selection, and you can see the selected modules in your left navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Select the modules you want to see in the left navigation. Harness automatically saves your selection, and you can see the selected modules in your left navigation.
```
(Select, since it's a check box. I clicked a module, outside the checkbox, and nothing happened.)
Also, the user has to close the nav configuration screen by clicking the cross at the top-right corner before they see the selected modules in the left nav. Should we state that as a separate step?)

Author: Harness saves the settings automatically as and when the user checks or unchecks any module. I have specified this in the doc. We need not have a separate step for this.

   
   ![](./static/select-modules-list.png)

## Account Settings

### Overview 

> Account Overview has your Harness Account Details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Account Overview shows your Harness account details.
```

> To view your Harness Account Details, go to Account Settings and click Overview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view your Harness account details, go to **Account Settings** and click **Overview**.
```

> Your Account Overview details are shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your account overview details are shown.
```

### Authentication

> This section provides options for you to set up Authentication for users, enforce Password policies and restrict email domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section provides options for you to set up authentication for users, enforce Password policies and restrict email domain.
```
This comment applies to the rest of the article from this point onward: these pages are all described in PL docs. Do we need to describe them here, even briefly? It should be sufficient to say that Account Settings aggregates a number of administrative configurations and settings (I leave the wording to you; I'm rambling) that are described in the platform documentation. Simplifying the description insulates this topic from frequent changes in order and name and additions and deletions. Just a thought you should consider.

Your account overview details are shown.

### Authentication

This section provides options for you to set up authentication for users, enforce password policies, and restrict email domain.

For more information, refer to [Authentication Overview](../platform/3_Authentication/1-authentication-overview.md).

### Account Resources

Account resources are shared and available for use within any organization or project within your account.​

For better isolation of resources, it is recommended that you create resources at the organization or project scope.​

### Policies

You can define and store policies centrally and then apply them to entities and events across the Harness Platform.

For more information, see [Harness Policy as Code](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/policy-as-code)

### Access Control

Harness Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) helps you manage who has access to your Harness resources, what they can do with those resources, and in what scope they have access.​

For more information, see [Role-based Access Control](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/role-based-access-control)

> ### Subscriptions

Reviewer 2: Are we missing the trial subscription?

Author: I picked the details from here https://app.harness.io/ng/#/account/H5W8iol5TNWc4G9h5A2MXg/settings/subscriptions?moduleCard=cd&&tab=PLANS
These are the 3 subscriptions we show on the product.

Harness provides the following plans:

- Free
- Team
- Enterprise

You can activate a yearly or monthly subscription with Harness after choosing your modules and plan.

Your subscription and plan details are displayed in Subscriptions.

### Audit Trail

With Audit Trail in Harness, you can view and track changes to the Harness resources in your Harness account.​

For more information, go to [Audit Trail](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/audit-trail).

### Organizations

Harness Organizations (Orgs) allow you to group projects that share the same goal.​

For more information, refer to [Projects and Organizations](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/organizations-and-projects/projects-and-organizations).

## My Profile

To view your profile information, go to MY PROFILE.

The following profile information is displayed:

> 

Reviewer 2: The lead-in sentence and list items are separated by a line here. I don't see this separation in the next list. One or the other, for consistency.

For more information, see [Role-based Access Control](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/role-based-access-control)

### Subscriptions

Harness provides the following plans:

- Free
- Team
- Enterprise

You can activate a Yearly or Monthly subscription to Harness after choosing your modules and plan.

Your subscription and plan details are displayed in Subscriptions.

### Audit Trail

With Audit Trail in Harness, you can view and track changes to your Harness resources within your Harness account.​

The audit data retention period is 2 years. Harness reserves the right to delete audit data after 2 years. You can request a longer retention period by contacting Harness.​

For more information, refer to [Audit Trail](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/audit-trail).

### Organizations

Harness Organizations (Orgs) allow you to group projects that share the same goal.​

For more information, refer to [Projects and Organizations](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/organizations-and-projects/projects-and-organizations).

## My Profile

> To view your profile information go to MY PROFILE.

Author: Bottom left

The following profile information is displayed:

> - Basic Information

Author: These are sections on the **My Profile** page.
